timeline and approach for evolving CARML modules to AVM (#162)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/content/faq/_index.md

Publishing both CARML and AVM to the Bicep Registry is wasted effort and will lead to confusion as they will overlap for 80% of their code and will leave consumers in an "analysis paralysis" scenario, which we must avoid.

#### Timeline and approach

In Q4 of 2023, the AVM core team is planning to:

- Provide a detailed contribution guide for Bicep modules.
- Release the first version of the CI environment used for testing and publishing Bicep modules.
- Work out the details of and start delivering on a phased migration process.

> Members of the CARML have already volunteered to become module owners (see the module index of [Bicep resource modules](/Azure-Verified-Modules/indexes/bicep/bicep-resource-modules/)), and will be working with the AVM core team to migrate the existing CARML modules to AVM. This will be done in a phased approach, with the first phase including those CARML modules that other modules depend on, e.g., Public IP, NIC, VNET, Load Balancers, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members of the CARML have already volunteered to become module owners (see the module index of [Bicep resource modules](/Azure-Verified-Modules/indexes/bicep/bicep-resource-modules/)), and will be working with the AVM core team to migrate the existing CARML modules to AVM. This will be done in a phased approach, with the first phase including those CARML modules that other modules depend on, e.g., Public IP, NIC, Private Endpoint, etc.
```

Removing VNET & LB as they're not dependencies.
